Fix issue with detection of RIP7212 precompile (#5620)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: .changeset/mighty-melons-cheer.md

Reviewer: Wondering if we need a changeset. The developers would only noticed that the failure case is more costly but invalid verifications remain invalid. The only perceived change is that the error is different and we've never recommended relying on custom errors for on-chain logic

Reviewer 2: `verifyNative` would result in false being returned whereas previously it would always return true or revert.

Reviewer: `verifyNative` has always had instructions about ensuring the precompile is supported, so I think it's safe to assume nobody would've used it in a chain without the precompile.

I guess practically (please correct me if wrong), the difference for developers is that the precompile response would've been interpreted as `(false, false)` in `return (success && returndata.length == 0x20) ? (abi.decode(returndata, (bool)), true) : (false, false);` (previously line 96), resulting on a revert with `MissingPrecompile`

Reviewer: Cool, would you say this changeset adjustment would encompass the idea better?

https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/pull/5620/files#r2025554000

---
'openzeppelin-solidity': patch
---

> `P256`: Fix precompile detection, avoiding revert in `verifyNative`, and reducing cost of `verify` when the signature is invalid.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`P256`: Fix precompile detection, avoid incorrect reverts in `verifyNative`, and reduce cost of `verify` when the signature is invalid.
```

> `P256`: Fix precompile detection, avoid incorrect reverts in `verifyNative` and reduce cost of `verify` when the signature is invalid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`P256`: Adjust precompile detection in `verifyNative` to consider empty `returndata` on invalid verification. Previously, invalid signatures would've reverted with a `MissingPrecompile` error.
```
